okay so given that everyone at linus
media group spends their day playing
with and making videos about the latest
and greatest technology toys you'd
probably think that our entire team here
has like
sick af gaming machines at home right
state of the art
you'd think wrong so i had everyone in
the company submit photos and specs of
their personal setups to me without
telling them why i wanted to see them
and some folks were pretty reluctant to
show them i mean
don't you guys trust me
no well it turns out
they should have trusted their instincts
not to trust me because the plan was to
pick the worst three and subject them to
a healthy dose
of public shaming welcome to the linus
media group wall of shame but with a
surprise twist the worst rig as
determined by our highly qualified panel
of judges gets an upgrade courtesy of
intel who sponsored this video so let's
get this show on the road
[Music]
some of the submissions actually weren't
half bad and some of them
were
pretty darn nice i mean let me know in
the comments if you guys want to see a
follow-up wall of fame
some of them contain totally unnecessary
details like ivan for example apparently
games by candlelight but his
was far from the worst
let's begin our journey with someone
that you are just meeting for the first
time because he only recently passed his
probation this
is lloyd's setup he's our new graphic
designer slash merchandise manager so to
his credit he has done some pretty
amazing work so far for the company
including our new logo you can let him
know what you think of that in the
comments below
but
brace yourselves my friends
because this is going to be a shocker
so what do you got
okay he does win some bonus points
because this is some of the most amazing
shadow box decor that i think i have
ever seen is this your game boy color
yeah yeah all right and this is this is
your original game boy with your red and
blue uh
no oh this is a film camera that's a
film camera okay so you're so you're
kind of a photography nerd
i am a photographer okay
right because there's so many lenses
back here i can't even tell you gotta
get got to get a shot of this
look at this so you have an imac you
have an imac 5k how much did this bad
boy cost you oh my parents gave it to me
as a gift wow nice parents so you got a
4 gigahertz core i7 you got 32 gigs of
ram this is a pretty tricked out machine
i think actually oh yeah you guys might
be wondering how this guy even got a job
here and the answer is
at least he's a gamer
[Music]
the pokemon fandom is real
all right so at least he gets some
street cred points for that who's next
for the wall of shame well i'm gonna
give you one hint
as i take off my feet to take off my
feet goddammit as i remove my shoes to
enter his domicile
yes my friends it is dennis you might
know him as denny is hung from his
gaming and cooking streams okay need
four eight
why is this so hard look i know how to
do it
but uh
when it comes to his pc setup he comes
up a little short dennis
do you just not do dishes like are these
just do you use disposable cups for
everything no oh my god they're dirty i
watched them and
george you just play a lot of beer pong
it's quite the system for your uh
for your paddle storage up here i didn't
know you were into boating well at least
you're consistent because your kayak
setup is every bit as uh clean and
organized as your pc
yeah you will you will love it so here
it is
this is
the gaming corner yes
of shame so you got a fake cockroach one
of those things is not working
but you don't know what's going on a lot
of money
so i can flee anytime and see if i can
find anything that was stolen from the
office
yes
why do you have this projector hey i
wonder if i'm the question oh you won
that at the christmas party okay all
right all right okay i also still i
guarantee you i bought it i i paid for
this i i went to best best my five
tennis walk me through your setup please
so my setup is very simple very easy
everyone can do it at home
basically steal your uh steal your key
the keyboard and mouse from your work i
don't know where you work but and i have
four coasters that i used to live on my
laptop so the fan the heat can come up
from here that's actually not the
stupidest thing i've ever heard these
are like fancy wow these are like marble
or something did you steal these from
them no they match no no no this is mine
no yeah this is not linus media group
property
i asked brandon no
so you asked brandon if you could take
my stuff he said yeah sure we don't use
it so this is actually pretty good
hardware dennis is rocking a 6700 hq
he's got a gtx 1060. i just found more
of that no you stole more stuff okay i
wasn't even looking for non-tech items i
bet you took all these games also the
karaoke microphone okay i paid for this
i paid for this i reimbursed you
this is the apartment of laser james
what's my name you told me your name was
big papa i could never forget that i
probably wouldn't have hired this guy if
i'd known the state of his computer
where where is your computer right this
way
so you walk past the google home and the
chromecast and all the philips ii lights
and the smart lock and the kitty litter
it's not about having the greatest spec
in the world
that's not what pc master race is
pcmr
is proper respect
for the pc
and the hardware in it
such as it is
this is not yeah right
proper respect for the for the pc high
performance battling drone okay that's
pretty cool
collecting dust
really
i have a microsoft surface pro that's my
daily driver
speaking of all your smart home device
crap uh did you steal this from the
office
no
oh it's kibble
do you still want me to throw it in your
mouth
oh it smell it tastes like dog breath
gonna wash out my mouth here
okay so you have no room for a gaming pc
but you've got like a bunch of quails i
mean look at oh wow what if they get out
can they fly are they wings clipped or
they probably won't here
is that that one's name yeah
okay and you eat the eggs
and is that covered in poo or is that
just the color what they look like okay
cool
x58 so you had a decent rig at one point
and you abandoned us i didn't really i
stopped gaming
hey man i'm married now okay it's a
different world if we fix this up
will you hook it up i've actually been
wanting to watch less netflix and play
more video games i think it's a good
husband wife activity do you know how
many people out there
have socket 1366 chips and would die for
our working x-58 motherboard and yours
is just sitting collecting dust
you don't know that it works
you may never leave linus
oh my god
okay so your job for this part is to
stand there
and look ashamed
look at yeah head down
more ashamed
thank you james that's good shame
we're handing james's machine over to
ivan
who is going to be
revitalizing it
all right bring him in
so congratulations james you suck
but it worked out for you because we
just can't have someone on staff who's
not able to hone their gaming skills so
we're going to take this off and
ah
yes
so intel and actually some of our other
partners went all out i thought you were
just getting a cpu motherboard and ram
upgrade
but
[Laughter]
this thing is actually tricked the math
right out so you got a core i7 8700k
a 760 series nvme ssd you've got an asus
strix motherboard you've got 16 gigs of
corsair vengeance pro rgb memory you've
got an h60 cooler so this is their new
upgraded one with the new fans and all
that kind of stuff you've got rgb
lighting courtesy of corsair and
a gtx 1070 strix from asus oh yeah and
by the way
your hard drive is now optane
accelerated so you've got two m.2 so
even though this hard drive is like
ghetto af 640 gigs
you should still actually get good
loading times
off of the games that you put on it
you didn't get a power supply upgrade
though because that was still good
enough so this thing will actually gain
better than my machine now
[Laughter]
and of course in true ltt fashion we
left the case as is so you can go full
sleeper style you can actually disable
these lights and software if you want no
one to be able to tell what's under the
hood night night
that was awkward
wow there is no segway on earth that can
get me from that awful joke to this so
let's just close this out with some
benchmark scores
this machine is looking pretty beast so
for those of you thinking you know an i7
is an i7 because technically we did
upgrade our i7 to an i7 we'd recommend
that you keep in mind how much better a
new i7 can be than an old one during
intel's gamer days 2018 sale it runs
from september 1st to september 16th and
we'll have more links to details below
but basically what it is is not only one
of the best times of the year to get
upgraded with gaming gear from top
brands like the one seen in this video
but it's also a great way to participate
in tons of giveaways and prize draws so
again check that out below
so thanks for watching guys if you
disliked this video you can hit that
button but if you liked it hit like get
subscribed and maybe consider checking
out where to buy the stuff we featured
at the link in the video description
also down there is a merch store which
has cool shirts like this one and our
community forum which you should
definitely join
i can't believe how balls to the wall
this machine ended up being